MOVIE SUCCESS PREDICTION USING NAIVE BAYES,LOGISTIC REGRESSION AND SUPPORT VECTOR MACHINE/ Now a days movies are not the only source of recreation, rather it is one of the major sources of global commerce and marketing. Movies create a new craze among people especially young people. Not only movie directors and box office officials are concerned with the success of the movie but general people also. People used to talk about these in social medias. Therefore, analysis of social media data about the movies is popular among the data analysts. And remains some other scopes like analyzing a director’s previous success histories or a actor’s previous popularity etc. Again, the analysis may be different on different countries. Naturally peoples from all the regions of the world do not react in the similar way. Movies are now available on internet. There are platforms like IMDb (Internet Movie Database) , Rotten Tomatoes , Meta critics etc. where people can share their reviews about movies. Movies continue to be a major source of entertainment in any country. However, this industry might faces many flops when the movie does not perform well at the Box Office. Our project will try to predict the movie success rate by doing predictive analysis on the many features of the movie. Day by day these platforms are becoming popular since people are getting honest reviews there. So, huge data is available online about reviews and ratings of movies. So, the prediction of the success of a movie is very essential to the film industry. We proposed to develop a model for predicting the success of movie being a flop or hit, long before a movie is actually released using machine learning techniques and algorithms. The study are used as a proof for applications in other areas, and should emphasize some of the challenges one needs to overcome to create a prediction model. This idea in theory can be extended to predict credit ratings, the stock market . The only requirement being a big and reliable data source. 
